.\" Manpage for hexpmg.
.\" Contact qk371994@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "20 May 2023" "1.14" "hexpmg man page"
.SH NAME
hexpmg - a simple package manager that builds programs from source 
.SH EXAMPLES
hexpmg -i [name of program to be installed.]

hexpmg -i pfetch

or you can install the binary package with the -ib flag. (note there are only a few binary packages at the moment.)

.SH REMOVE A PROGRAM

hexpmg -R [name of program to be removed.]

hexpmg -R pfetch


.SH UPDATE A PROGRAM

hexpmg -U [name of program to be updated.]

hexpmg -U pfetch

.SH DESCRIPTION
hexpmg is a simple package manager that aims to be as simple as flatpak but with portage and pacman/AUR like capabilities, with soon to be added precompiled binaries.
.SH OPTIONS
here are all the options:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
 -i [program]
    installs the program you provide with the -i option.


 -ib [program]
    installs the binary program you provide with the -i option.


 -R [program]
    when -R is called and provided with a program it will remove the program from your system.


 -U [program]
    The -U flag will update the program you have entered after the flag.


 -UP [no input]
     when you run hexpmg -UP it will update hexpmg the the latest version.

 
 -s [program] 
    when providing the -s flag it will search for the program you entered. The -s flag will also give you the pkg-name there is a bug with some packages that will show you some if not all of the pkg.


 -l [no input]
    when runing hexpmg -l it will list all installed hexpmg programs.


 -UN [no input]
     running hexpmg -UN will uninstall hexpmg but WILL NOT removed the programs installed with hexpmg.
 
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH BUGS
when running hexpmg -s [name of program] on some packages you will see the contents of the pkg.
.SH AUTHOR
hexis (github.com/hexisXz)

